samples: matter: Enable ZMS in nRF54H20 (#19170)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  You can use this class to generate the Spake2+ verifier at runtime.
  To use this class, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_PBKDF2_HMAC` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_SPAKE2P_KEY_PAIR_DERIVE` Kconfig options.

> * Enabled the ZMS file subsystem in all devices that contain MRAM, such as the nRF54H Series devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:

  * Whatever there is now under Matter samples
  * All Matter samples to enable the ZMS file subsystem in all devices that contain MRAM, such as the nRF54H Series devices.
```
Now, this complies with our changelog wording conventions. Please move this under Matter samples (Updated).

Matter samples
--------------

> * Updated:
>   * All Matter samples that support low-power mode to enable the :ref:`lib_ram_pwrdn` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:

  * All Matter samples that support low-power mode to enable the :ref:`lib_ram_pwrdn` feature.
```
